here we have a made in Italy pan jet
piano accordion with 41 keys in the
treble and 120 bass buttons this has
eight switches in the right hand and is
L mmm tuning so you have three metal
reeds with a very wet musette and a low
rate we also have a master palm switch
on the left hand we have five switches
but first let me go over these reeds in
the right hand they are handmade reeds
and sound excellent first switch right
here is our bassoon then we have our
saxophone
then we have our double music and that
one is with the detuned Muse that read
that is higher than the 440 middle read
and that one is the one below it let me
give you the deer there so the one that
is above it sounds like this so the one
below is just a little bit drier so you
have some options there you have all
three metal reads activated at once like
this very wet tuning almost like an
organ so next is our solo and then we
have our accordion which is our two
middle reads dry metal reads with the
reads are very responsive they get very
loud and also very soft also you know in
the extremes and the very high octave
the middle it's very responsive and very
low that the students also very
responsive in the left hand I want to go
over these registers with you the first
one we have is our tuba and then we have
bass piano
Master Terra Kyoto and Alto overall a
very nice instrument great compression
let me play a little
so you can hear it might sound like
you